Add YoLink SpeakerHub service description (#30796)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yolink.markdown

If you want to use separate credentials, please contact <service@yosmart.com> to obtain a `client_id` and `client_secret`. Then you can add your credentials via application credentials. Settings > Devices & Services > click the menu (three dots at the top right of the screen) and then **Application Credentials**. Enter your credentials in the pop-up window.
{% enddetails %}

## Services

### `Play on SpeakerHub`

With this service, you can convert text to speech for playback on SpeakerHub.

> Service data attribute | Optional | Description
> -|-|-
> `target_device` | no| SpeakerHub device id for audio playback.
> `message` | no| Text for conversion to speech.
> `tone` | no| Tone before playing audio.
> `volume` | no| Speaker volume during playback.
> `repeat` | no| The amount of times the text will be repeated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service data attribute | Optional | Description
-|-|-
`target_device` | no| SpeakerHub device ID for audio playback.
`message` | no| Text for speech conversion.
`tone` | no| Tone before playing audio.
`volume` | no| Speaker volume during playback.
`repeat` | no| The number of times the text will be repeated.
```
